# Deep Learning Model(Pre-Trained BERT Model) to asses humor in News Paper Headlines
## Task 2: Predict the funnier of the two edited headlines: Given the original headline and two edited versions, the participant has to predict which edited version is the funnier of the two.

SemEval-2020 Task 7: Assessing Humor in Edited News Headlines


Background and Significance: Nearly all existing humor datasets are annotated to study whether a chunk of text is funny. However, it is interesting to study how short edits applied to a text can turn it from non-funny to funny. Such a dataset helps us focus on the humorous effects of atomic changes and the tipping point between regular and humorous text. The goal of our task is to determine how machines can understand humor generated by such short edits.

In addition, almost all humor datasets are annotated categorically, with the shared tasks being humor classification. However, humor occurs in various intensities, that is, certain jokes are much more funnier than others. A system's ability to assess the intensity of humor makes it useful in various applications, for example, humor generation where such a system can be used in a generate-and-test scheme to generate many potentially humorous texts and rank them in terms of funniness.

### Predict the funnier of the two edited headlines: Given the original headline and two edited versions, the participant has to predict which edited version is the funnier of the two.


# Prerequisites:

Python Version: 3.8

Required Python libraries:

-numpy  

-tensorflow 

-keras 

-pandas 

-transformers 

Alternatively you can use the command "pip3 install -r requirements.txt" to install the necessary libraries.

All scripts should be executed in the respective folder.

train-evaluate-main:
There is a flag in train-evaluate-main.py which is called train. If set to false the model grabs pretrained model from
the ./my_model_base_uncased folder(should be located where the scripts lie) and evaluates on the test set. If set to
true the model trains on the training and dev set and saves the model to ./my_model_base_uncased and evaluates on the
test set.

If the training takes too long I uploaded the model in my google drive model link:

https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1lFUEKhw5qmzAKZ-gAS2s8NvRvDLfu0Md

Just unzip the zip in the code folder.

test.py:
The test.py initializes the model with the pretrained model and predicts the funnier of two headlines:
The script takes a random sample from the test set and predicts the funnier of both headlines. You can also specify your
own sentences to predict :) .
